Open Digital, and stay on Mobile App Users.
p02
The sidebar splits the customer's world in two: the portal, and the mobile app.
p03
Under Mobile you get five pages.
p04
This lesson visits all of them, but you only read.
p05
Nothing here gets saved.
p06
Four numbers run across the top.
p07
Total users, active this month, and the split between iOS and Android.
p08
That last pair earns its keep on a support call.
p09
It tells you, before you ask, which phone your customer is probably holding.
p10
Three cards fill in the shape.
p11
One tracks growth over the year.
p12
One breaks the base down by device.
p13
The last sorts users into active, monthly, and gone quiet.
p14
A rising inactive slice is worth a second look.
p15
Now the list itself.
p16
Seven columns per user: name, email, app version, platform, last active, notifications, and status.
p17
Two of those seven do most of the troubleshooting work.
p18
Read one row like a support ticket.
p19
App version tells you whether they're stuck behind a fix.
p20
Notifications, on or off, tells you why a customer swears the alert never came.
p21
Start here, before you touch anything else.
p22
Above the table, the usual controls.
p23
Search pulls up one customer by name or email.
p24
There's also Export and a New Record button.
p25
Leave both alone today; reading the list is all a technician needs.
p26
Now the pages that build the app.
p27
Open Mobile App Branding.
p28
Notice the shell flips to Settings.
p29
This is where a brand's name, logo, colors, and support details get set,
p30
with a live phone preview alongside.
p31
Four blocks, top to bottom.
p32
Tenant, brand, colors, support.
p33
Display names and taglines, logo links,
p34
the primary and accent colors, a support phone and email.
p35
Editing any of it and publishing would re-skin the real app, so we only look.
p36
Back to the group, open Mobile App Features.
p37
These are on-and-off switches for the fun: daily spin, wash streak, scratch cards, a few more,
p38
plus wallet and gift cards.
p39
Flip one and the preview updates.
p40
We flip nothing.
p41
Last page, Push Notifications.
p42
It opens as Push Campaigns: write a message, pick an audience,
p43
watch it land on a lock-screen preview.
p44
That's marketing's job, not ours.
p45
We create no campaign here, and we send nothing.
p46
One thing ties these pages together.
p47
Each shows a live preview beside the settings,
p48
so you can see what the customer sees without leaving the console.
p49
A standalone preview launcher isn't in this build, so we've parked it.
p50
Click Close Settings.
p51
The menu folds away and drops you back on the platform,
p52
with nothing saved, nothing published, and nothing sent.
p53
One entry stays closed: Mobile Feedback.
p54
It's listed in the group, but the page didn't load in our capture.
p55
Until someone walks it live, treat what's inside as unconfirmed.
p56
That's the mobile corner of Digital.
p57
One page you open on real calls, Mobile App Users,
p58
and three you'll recognize but leave alone.
p59
When a customer's app misbehaves, you already know the first two columns to read.